## Team meeting week 8 - notes
Date:           29-03-2022\
Main focus:     Final meeting & last deadlines\
Chair:          Ana Bătrîneanu\
Note taker:     Kayleigh Jones & Wiktor Grzybko\

# Opening
All team members were present physically, except Kayleigh due to COVID.

# Agenda points
- How should we organize the code in a controller? Which methods should come first, etc. Right now, even after the restructuring, the order of the code seems kind of messy.
- What class structure should we have for front-end stuff like animations and displaying stuff, because now we have a lot of duplicate code (for now we only have controllers and very few entities).

# Points of action
## Deadlines (Fri April 8th midnight):
- assignment 5b: self reflection
- final buddycheck
- coding deadline, last merges
- upload video of final product
- last possible changes to code of conduct

##Week 10
- Q&A: explain design choices, everyone needs to talk the same amount

## TA-feedback
- Our work is well distributed, pipelines, comments and commits are good
- server needs to be tested
- client functionality needs to be tested, fxml doesn't

## General
- Image paths for admin panel are fine the way we do it now
- For preventing duplicate code when creating different question types, abstract code to a utility class

# Closing
- We agreed to use a utility class for handling UI for the question types that are still to be implemented. 



