## Team meeting week 2 - notes

---

Date:           15 February 2022\
Main focus:     Backlog & Teamwork\
Chair:          Juan Tarazona\
Note taker:     Wiktor Grzybko

# Opening
All team members were present physically, except Kayleigh Jones, who had to join virtually due to COVID regulations.

# Agenda points
 
 - backlog draft: maybe we should move things around in the should to can/wont? is our goal realistic?
 - what is the code of conduct and when are the deadlines for this, what should we do (assignment 2B)
 - how does the HCI report work, examples from previous years? week 3/4 deadlines
 - the 20 questions; format, how do we receive them and stuff (borderline development issue)
 - time joker (do we take time or add time + how does the server handle times) -> more of a week 3/4 issue; coding
 - slider/range for the estimate answer; then the eliminate wrong answer joker could be potentially used (also coding)

# Points of action

 - Team module assignments to be done until Friday 18th at 18:00
   - For assignment 2B some freedom: establish our own code of conduct (use template maybe)
 - Convert the backlog assignment word document into issues on Git, Friday 18th 18:00
   - Stress the words like must or should
   - possibly create project labels to use (use colors)
   - issues are tasks: must be concrete and well-formulated
   - other issues will of course be added later during development
 - First merge request: everyone add a section about themselves to the author part of the README

# Action points for next week (Scrum board)

- The HCI report draft needs to be done by week 3
   - Find a group that is ready to review our prototype
   - A lot of the report is copy pasting/explaining chunks of the review and explaining how we improve on it
   - We should add photos and screenshots of the prototype to the document
- For how the server handles times and time joker: free choice on implementation
   - probably go for what is easier/ask people on mattermost for advice
- There is no internet connection involved for the server, everything runs on localhost
   - when we finish we can choose to deploy
- As for the estimate questions and the range slider, do this only if time allows it
   - if not, and as a rule of thumb, stick to the easy things to implement a feature
   - do not overengineer anything

# Any other business and questions

There were no additional questions mentioned by the team members.

# Closing

We will meet on Thursday 17th to finish the backlog and the code of conduct, and again on Saturday 19th to work on the
HCI prototype so we can hand it to the other group for review and give them enough time to check it out.
