## Team meeting week 4 - notes
Date:           15-03-2022\
Main focus:     Feedback HCI\
Chair:         Wiktor Grzybko\
Note taker:     Juan Tarazona

## Meetings in the 2 past weeks
Covered by notes provided by Juan which can be found in docs.
## Opening
Participants: all (Kayleigh and Tudor online)
# Agenda points
- HCI feedback 
- How should we import activities to our project
- Buddycheck feedback
- Discuss the progress of our work
- Discuss resizing issues
- synchronizing vs volatile key word --> what happens if two players use
 the same method(submit the answer for example) in exactly the same time
# Points of action
## Deadlines
- Team module assignment (upload agenda and notes) to be done until Friday 18th at 24:00
## Action points 
- establish communication between client and the server
- creating 'scenes' based on the given message type
- see the issues having weights (based on difficulty and time taken)
- add a board to indicate what issues are in the current sprint and add the weights to see how much workload everyone took
- create and assign issues for this weeks's sprints
## Issues
- how to import activities: does importing the activities have to be part of the program or can we have a DB manually put in the files
- how important is resizing for the project? Not at all, doesn't go into the rubric
- most important is functionality, then properly testing and finally the design
- to test the client you do not need to test the UI
# Any other business and questions
## Q&A with the TA
- for importing the database: as we wish, but explain in the README how it is done so everything's clear
- javadoc apparently is not that important for the rubric (don't waste too much time on it)
- HCI feedback? Not graded yet, will be graded in W9
- synchronous or volatile (people possibly using the same method at the same time)? if it is not a problem, we won't need to worry about it
- if we find it is an issue, we will fix it later
- presentations in week 10: record ourselves making a demo (opening server, clients, etc) and then present for a Q&A session with TA, lecturers

# Closing
This week we are focusing on the client side so we have split into groups responsible for completing specific tasks.
We will meet again on Thursday the 17th as a whole group and over the weekend in internal groups to check progress.