## Team meeting week 7 - notes
Date:           22-03-2022\
Main focus:     Feedback on game progress so far\
Chair:          Tudor Andrei\
Note taker:     Maarten van der Weide\

# Opening
All team members were present physically

# Agenda points
- Would it be better to have an external program that loads activities into the Database or have some script on the server side?
- How important is to come up with extra features in terms of grading?

# Points of action
## Deadlines:
- Development of features should stop before week 9, in which we will do documentation of the game.

## TA-feedback
- Not all issues are weighted yet (especially in the board for this sprint)
- Git statistics for our group; everyone in our group is doing fine on all aspects
- Pipeline fails too frequently, build code locally before commiting
- Assign people to sprint issues
- Try to be done implementing features in week 9, this is to save time for the presentation.
- Final version of the project needs to be merged into main

## General
- We want to finish should haves this sprint (week of the 22th of march)
- It is okay to use foreign project (according to the TA, will ask the lecturers)
- The project is evaluated by running it locally, 40% of the grade is the colaboration process
- Don't add extra non mentioned features, it has no implication on your grade
- We can use websockets in parrallel to RESTful-polling
- 2 out of 4 groups have some sort of long polling
- We encountered an issue with the path to images on MacOS. This was somehow fixed by making the server send the images via http, but it's still a problem we will investigate.

# Closing
- We agreed that if anyone wants to implement a feature, he/she should notify the group, make an issue and assign himself/herself to it.




